W-18914195 Hyperforce logs & alerts (beta branch -> prod latest) (#395)
mulesoft/docs-monitoring: modules/ROOT/pages/logs-jp-ca.adoc

> = Using Logs in Anypoint Monitoring (Canada and Japan)

Reviewer: here are my main comments:
1. We need to communicate to new customers that we will enforce rate limits on a per tenant basis. If a customer exceeds those limits, the events will be dropped. We need to be able to provide those figures. Please note that we need to provide limits for both ingestion and querying
2. We need to communicate the strategy for new customers to buy more storage. The new multitenant design does allow to increase storage on a per tenant basis BUT there will be a limit in the minimum storage that can be added per tenant, and this will need to be properly communicated to avoid legal problems down the road. I understand that in CommCloud customers can buy additional searchable storage on 30 GB increments. For HF we can’t support 30 GB, it will be considerably more than that

> = Using Logs in Anypoint Monitoring (Canada and Japan)

Reviewer: here are my main comments, these not necessarily apply to this section:

- We need to communicate to new customers that we will enforce rate limits on a per tenant basis. If a customer exceeds those limits, the events will be dropped or query requests will return a 429 error. We need to be able to provide those figures. Please note that we need to provide limits for both ingestion and querying
- We need to communicate the strategy for new customers to buy more storage. The new multitenant design does allow to increase storage on a per tenant basis BUT there will be a limit in the minimum storage that can be added per tenant, and this will need to be properly communicated to avoid legal problems down the road. I understand that in CommCloud customers can buy additional searchable storage on 30 GB increments. For HF we can’t support 30 GB, it will be considerably more than that

Author: Consulted with PM (Shanu). The thought is that this info is more likely to go in post GA.

Author: POST GA topic per Pablo

= Using Logs in Anypoint Monitoring (Canada and Japan)

> :page-notice-banner-message: <b>Pilot release</b>: This feature is for a Pilot release in Canada and Japan Cloud instances of Anypoint Platform. 

Author: ```suggestion
//:page-notice-banner-message: <b>Pilot release</b>: This feature is for a release in Canada and Japan Cloud instances of Anypoint Platform. 
```

Author: removing as this isn't a Pilot and we clarify the scope in the intro section

//feature tier:
include::partial$subsection-pills.adoc[tag="anypoint-cloud-support-advanced-only"]

In the https://ca1.platform.mulesoft.com/monitoring[Canada] and https://jp1.platform.mulesoft.com/monitoring[Japan] Clouds, search for up to 30 days of logs across apps deployed to one of your organization's environments.

[[logs-overview]]
//don't change order of numbers in graphic or calloutlist
image::logs-hyperforce.png["Logs UI"]

[calloutlist]
. Logs in Anypoint Monitoring
. <<environments, Environment selector>> for your deployments (such as Sandbox or Production)
. <<ref-query, Filters>> to narrow the list of logs that return

> . Matching log entry, which includes a date-time stamp, log level, and message

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Matching log entry that includes a date-time stamp, log level, and message
```

Author: Using "which" because the entry always contains those things. "that" can suggest that there are different things the entry could include.

. Expanded log message data and data available from other log fields 
. Selector for the date and time range to capture
. <<refresh, Refresh>> button

> For logs in other Anypoint Platform clouds, see xref:logs-us-eu.adoc[]. To view single-application logs in Runtime Manager, see xref:runtime-manager::viewing-log-data.adoc[View Log Data].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To view logs in other Anypoint Platform clouds, see xref:logs-us-eu.adoc[]. To view single-application logs in Runtime Manager, see xref:runtime-manager::viewing-log-data.adoc[View Log Data].
```

== Search for Logs

. Select a date-time range (defaults to the last 15 minutes).
+
Built-in and custom selections are available for up to the last 30 days of logs for selected time ranges. 
. Select an environment.
. To narrow the search results, provide a <<ref-query, log query>>.
. Review the search results.
+
You can expand a log entry to get additional details.
+
If no logs return, try a different date-time range, query, or environment. Also review the <<search-query-rules, search query behavior>>.

[[refresh]]
== View the Latest Logs

After a search query executes and produces log data (or no results), no new log data appears until you perform a new query, refresh, or reload the page. 

To retrieve the latest log data, click *Refresh*. 

[[environments]]
== Environments

> When displaying logs, select the environment containing the applications you intend to review.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When displaying logs, select the environment containing the applications you want to review.
```

Your organization administrator xref:access-management::environments.adoc#to-create-a-new-environment[creates] the environments that are available to you.

Anypoint Platform supports these types of xref:access-management::environments#types-of-environments.adoc[environments]:

* *Design*
* *Production*
* *Sandbox*

[[ref-query]]
== Log Query Reference

> Use filters to narrow the results of your search for logs. The filters match values of fields in the logs:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use these filters to narrow the results of your search for logs:
```

* `application` accepts an *=* operator followed by an application name. 
* `log_level` accepts an *=* operator followed by a value of *DEBUG*, *INFO*, *WARN*, *ERROR*, or *FATAL*. 
* `message` accepts a *LIKE* operator for partial matches in log `message` fields. 

[[search-query-rules]]
Search query behavior:

* You can use any or all of the available filters in your query.
+

> Multiple filters in a query are processed as logical ANDs (and not as ORs), meaning that searches return data matching all the filter criteria, not just some of it. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Multiple filters in a query are processed as logical ANDs (not ORs), meaning results must match all filter criteria not just some.
```

* Each filter allows a single value. 
* For single-word search string values, you do not need to add quotation marks around the string. For multi-word strings, manually surround the string in quotes. 

> * Some message searches must provide an exact match. For example, a match to `package` in a package name like `com.some.package.name` isn't supported. 

Author: ```suggestion
```

Author: removing but need to replace with info about how tokenization affects the search

> * For single-word search string values, you do not need to add quotation marks around the string. For multi-word strings, manually surround the string in quotes. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* For single-word search string values, you don't need to add quotation marks around the string. For multi-word strings, manually surround the string in quotes. 
```
